# CS-230
Public repo for CS-230 Module 8

The client, The Gaming Room, had a mobile game called Draw It or Lose It and wanted to expand it to multiple platforms. These platforms included Android, iOS, Mac, Windows, Linux, and Windows. The game would be accessible and playable by all users on all platforms at once, rather than solely on Android. I believe I did well in analyzing the different platforms and ultimately recommended a Linux-based cloud platform to control their game and allow for better scalability. Another area where I believe I did well was in structuring and providing insightful benefits and drawbacks for each platform to give the client a clear picture. Writing a design document was particularly helpful in laying out exactly what was needed for the code before I began writing it. It also made me slow down and truly think about my approach, giving more time to polish before execution.

An area I would improve upon and revise would be giving more rich detail on the RESTful communications and API's with more detail on load balancing as well. I interpreted the needs of the user by trying to identify their main goals and what was needed for them. These goals included scalability, multi-platform capability, and a way to safely manage a large influx of constant users. My goal was to not only meet their goals, but think a few steps ahead so they could implement something with real substance and security in the long term. This is important because the client may not know the future implications and requirements for their needs; bridging that gap is what being a software developer and a good engineer is all about. I approached this in a logical step-by-step way by identifying the user's constraints and requirements of what the client was asking, selecting an operating platform that would provide a budget-friendly and scalable capability, and designed infrastructure that supported good distribution and support for multiple clients. 

Ultimately, I would approach a new application with a design document first to ensure the idea is attainable before writing the code for it. I would take notes from this design document, identify the next client's needs, and ensure the goal is not only attainable, but financially sound and scalable.


